[Music]
Hey everyone just a quick heads up so last Friday I said I was gonna do another
week of episodes I guess you can figure out what's going on with
our recording this. Last Friday I said we got one more week of
episodes till the end of season 15 well we're calling it early.
Last Friday's episode I thought was really good
it had a funny story it had a creepy story I considered ending it that day
the season not the podcast and I thought no I don't like to just do with no
warning I'll tell him there's another week but
behind the scenes I didn't know if I had another week in me
apparently I don't now the truth of the matter is
I've been pretty sick since July and it's been nothing major
it's just been a lot of little things a lot of little things
popping up here and there and for some reason they've all been
head related I couldn't have had like a sore foot
or or back problem I'm not I don't want those things right
but everything has been head related throat related and so
really as I was recording that all last week I was sick
and you could kind of hear you could kind of hear it in the episodes
and I just needed some recovery time the break was coming up I spent all Saturday
at the doctor's office so I didn't have time to do research
all of this is saying that that wasn't it that Friday's episode was the end of
season 15 and I wanted to let you guys know why
everything's totally fine so that's it that is it that is that was the end of
season 15 I hope you guys enjoyed it and I'm
worried we'll have new episodes in two weeks oh and I also want to say
thank you guys for all the birthday wishes my birthday is October 4th
and wish me happy birthday yet there's still time
and all the all the comments on youtube and on the Patreon discord have been
really really cool really appreciate that but I'm gonna go and I'm gonna just
chill rest and I'm taking some time off work as well
I'm actually cutting my hours at work because I just really just need like a
it's I've just been going pretty hard for a while now so I love you guys I will
see you in two weeks October 18th dead rabbit radio will be back
stay spooky that's my new catchphrase I'm gonna start saying it at the end of
every single episode from here on out whether you love it or not
have a good one guys
[Music]
(upbeat music)